https://codepen.io/andre-freeman/pen/bGNEdJr

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Defines the HTML that you are using.
    2. What is HTML used for? To add and categorize content that you add to a page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? They add additional information about an element and they are added at the start of a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used for the most important info on a page. Should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. <p> & <a>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The title of the webpage
    7. What is an id? a super specific tag
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any of them
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? Used to define elements relating to each other.
    11. What elements can I add a class?  Any of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? In case an image cannot be loaded, text will be displayed instead.
    15. How do I reference an id?  id=""
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is more specific
    17. What is CSS used for? To add Style to a Webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is a group of similar elements. Id is one specific element. You would use class to color a bunch of similar elements but use ID to color a specific one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? tag "class name" {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is a element of a broader class, made more specific. it is useful to add characteristics to a more specific group of html.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? <a>
    24. What is a pseudo selector? They add special characteristics to a class. Like Hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? lowercase: capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border-style: dotted border-color: black border-width: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* "text here" */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "file name" . Permemnant deletion
    34. Why should I use version control? To keep from overwriting work
    35. How often should I commit to github? when you leave your computer
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Create YOUR OWN version of Repo —> (Fork) Add your TL as a collaborator, Clone YOUR Repo, Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on), Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch, Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request


