<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!-- https://codepen.io/itsonlytone/pen/qBXmPVV?editors=0100 -->
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that lets you knwo tis purpose and fuctionality by its name.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is used to structure a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    an attribute is a type of command that you place inside of a tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is used for the most important/first title of or on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tags and img tags require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we put the main setcoin of our webpage in the head document.
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is an attribute that cna be reference in the webpage and used to be selected in css.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    you can only use an id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a way to define a tag.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can add classes to any elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    you can use a class as many times as you need/want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you get a link to open on a new page by using the target="_blank" attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    an alt atttribute is used a description of an element.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    you can reference an id by using an href atttribute and a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is used to group something together while a div is used to for stylistic purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used to style a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using the element you want to select followed by curly brakcets. "h2 { }"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used to name a element while an id is used to reference an element. class="boxOne" id="home"
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by using a period in front of the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
         p .human { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent-child selector is a selector that allows you to modify the contents of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a psuedo selector is a selector that modifies another selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border; dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     with this  /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to have a record of all updates for bug tracking
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
first create a clone of the current assignment then make a branch to work on. then you push, add and commit changes regularly. finally you create a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element is an element that only takes up the space it needs.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    when an element is posoitons absolutely it will not move.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    by using display:inline;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    img, p, h1 are block elements. a and button are inline elements. and divs are inline-block elements.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
the box model is the container for everything, which are the content, padding, border, and margin. the fix is to set the max-width to 100%.


   -->