  https://codepen.io/Ashcren/pen/gOaOEGe?editors=1100 



1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is using Html in a way that has meaning that is easy to understand by the computer and developers. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
 Markup Language 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 They control what the element does in side the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 The main title and it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
Img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
styles,titles,scripts.
    7. What is an id? 
Is something you can give a tag so that it is the most specific when styling it. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  
All 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
once  
    10. What is a class?
Is an identifier that can be given to more than one element  
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
All 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
More than once 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
 Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section defines sections in a document where as a div tag defines a division. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
 ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a Class can be used to identify more than one.
<h1 id=important title> </h1>
<p class=pone> text i want to style the same</p>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
If you wanted to select only one child.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{ border: dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
Git rm. Because once you delete it from the command line its permanently gone 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It keeps everyone up to date on the most recent changes to the code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
At the end of each session or more.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create YOUR OWN version of Repo
Add your TL as collaborator
on GitHub
Clone YOUR Repo
back on your machine
Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on)
Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch
on GitHub
Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request

