 1. What is Semantic HTML? a way of marking up the the content and information on the webpage so people and computers can read the page effectively
    2. What is HTML used for? describing the structure of webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provides additional information about elements – start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? webpage title – once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes – <input>,<select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? page title, links to css, linkts to custom favicons, data about html, author/keywords
    7. What is an id? specifies a unique identity for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? headings, footers, body
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once 
    10. What is a class? specifies one or more class names for an element   	11. What elements can I add a class to? All HTMl elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? screen readers and SEO
    15. How do I reference an id? #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? div is non-semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? syling web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - 
h2 {
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one– class can be used multiple names, while ID is only once. ex. id (headers, footers, side-bar) class (lists, comments, content sections)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? matches all the elements which are of a specified element. When you need to give the relation between two elements    
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? link.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv"></div>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? * {}
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm – it delete's immediately, no trash can, just gone
    34. Why should I use version control? a history of updates in case you need to revert to an older version - great for collab
    35. How often should I commit to github? 10 - 20 mins 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork repo-clone repo(copy url-set destination using terminal & git clone)-create a branch name-work on project-push to git hub (git add ., git commit -m 'message', git push -u origin branch-name), create a pull request