
https://codepen.io/Lenayeee/pen/oNgMwVG


1. What is Semantic HTML?
 Elements in HTML with meaning
2. What is HTML used for?
It is used for the front end of design on websites
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 An attribute is an element used to structure your html
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is a heading used for the first section of you site. Also used to let search engines know what the main objective of a page is.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<a href="#"></a>
<input type="#">
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
headings and opening content such as <h1> & <p>
7. What is an id?
a title to help specify a piece of content or an element
8. What elements can I add an id to?
images, urls, lists
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
once
10. What is a class?
an attribute to specify various class names (one or more
11. What elements can I add a class to?
any html elements
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
 unlimited
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute used for?
adding content to an element; description. I recall also using this to index images for SEO purposes
15. How do I reference an id?
#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section can contain multiples divs and other elements, while a div just divides a single element.
17. What is CSS used for?
Cascading Style Sheet
18. How to we select an element?
". followed by brackets"
Example - every h2 on the page
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
and id is for a specific element, while a class is used to group multiple elements together
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
". followed by brackets"
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
"human.p"
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
 it's a selector that selects every child in it's element.
Good for adding css to multiple pieces of content without doing in individually
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a.sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector used for elements in special states ex: when you hover it, the design change
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dashed
29. How do I select everything on the page?
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
// insert comment here
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
"pwd"
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
"ls"
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
"$ rm -r"
34. Why should I use version control?
 helps you collaborate and send through updates without interrupting teammates. Also - good for testing before going on mainnet
35. How often should I commit to github?
Developers i know say everyday to stay consistent. But, as soon as an update is tested and ready to roll.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
1. Fork
2. TL collaborator add
3. Clone repo git clone
4. create branch
git checkout -b
5. push branch to github
6. compare and pull the code
7. add TL as reviewer
Stretch Questions
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
block has width x height while inline does not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
 absolute sticks an element to it's parent when scrolling, while if it's not it sticks. I think it's also called static from what i remember
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?