Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
It is the use of tags with meanings, for example: <section> you can easily identify what this is rather then something more vague like <div>
 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used for web development, it is known as a mark up language because it displays data in a graphical form rather then executes tasks. 
 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is what we use when we want to included information taht we do not want rendered on the page, they are special flags. For example: the link to an image
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The H1 tag is the largest and most important and tells you what the over all purpose of the page is, you should only use it once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Img
And “a”
 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
It is placed in between the HTML and the body and we can put things like style tags in it and any information we dont want rendered. 
 
    7. What is an id? 
It is a tag used to reference a specific element once it is assigned to something, you cannot assign it to anything else or it will cause an error
 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  Imgs, p, and others  
 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? It can only be assigned to one particular thing but you can reference the same id that was created multiple times 
    
10. What is a class? 
A class is used to target a specific item just like id
 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Images, pics, elements in the body
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple times 
 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Right click and choose new tab
 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
For screen readers, their system will read the alternate text instead of the picture so they can understand. For example: alt text may say: Guy getting out of cab rather than showing the picture. 
 
    15. How do I reference an id?
Name of ID you made  {
Rules you want applied to that id
{
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section does not have to be on its own line where as a div has to start on its very own line. 
 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for adding style and layout to pages alongside HTML
 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
H2 {
What you want all H2 to do 
{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The difference in between a class and ID is how many times they can be assigned, for example an id that may be assigned could be in H1 which would only be used once. Where as “p” may be used multiple times. 
 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
. (character) (name of the class)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human 
 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Is selects all items that are directly affected by that parent item
 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar 
 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It selects a special state of selected elements, for example: Hover 
 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line -height property 
 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing
 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform
 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Border: 1px;
 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
The * symbol
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Ls
 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Cd 
 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
RM- you cannot undo it and there are no warning signs like “are you sure you want to do this?” its gone completely
 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It prevents current work from conflicting with what others are working on in the same project 
 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Every time you make a change
 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Git push 
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork it, clone it, add what you need to to it, add it, commit it, push it 
 
Stretch Questions
 
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
-an inline element usually doesnt cause anything to happen where as a block element will usually cause a break in the line or additional things. 
 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
They are removed from the flow meaning they are not affected by anything else such as a parent element, so other things can overlap it or cover it 
 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
I am not sure of this one, maybe make a div for it?
 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, - Div and P, and BR
2 elements that are display inline by default- span, img
and 1 element that is display inline-block by default- you can give even a p tag this inline block behaviour
 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
This is something i am definitely still learning, so I do not know quite how to explain it yet 
 
 

