Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

codepen: https://codepen.io/krystinafmartinez9/pen/jOMqdaG 


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML refers to HTML elements that clearly describe their function. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to provide a foundation for developement - they provide basic structure. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are additional information located inside of a tag to specify what the tag is. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the title/header on the page and should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Img & a . 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title information and links can go in the head of a HTML document .

    7. What is an id? 
        Id is an attribute that refers to a specific id/element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        If I am not mistaken, it the id attribute can be added to all elements minus the very basic structural ones (title,head,html).

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Ids are specific to a specific element/tag unlike classes, so they may only be used once. 

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that is used to refer to a group or a class of elements, as opposed to an individual element. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Like id, I believe classes can be added to most elements (minus html, head, body, etc)

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        You may use the same class multiple times on the same page. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href ="URL" target="_blank">  </a>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute for images is used to display text in case the image does not show. 


    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id-name { }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A section is like a semantic div used for grouping together related content. Divs may also be used for related content, but may be used more for styling. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to design the HTML provided. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        element-tag { }, or h2 { }


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Classes refer to a group and id refers to an individual. Classes may be more suited for styling something repetetive like list items <li> or sections of text <p>. Ids seem to be more useful with unique things like specific images. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .Class-name {    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p: .human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector/class that refers to a specific state of an element (on click, hover)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Margin:_px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:_px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitalize/lowercase/capitals;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black; 

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
        /* Text  */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        -r, -R, or --recursive . You have to be careful because this executed without warning. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control allows you to go back to other/older versions of code and is especially useful in collaboration. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        It is recommended to do it often, or even as often as possible. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  
        1 .Choose repo, fork, and copy link. 
        2. In selected file/area, clone.  |  git clone URL
        2. ls then navigate to the file/document
        4. Checkout  |  git checkout -b first-lastname
        5. Open work |  code . 
        6. Add  |  git add .
        7. Commit  |  commit -m "MESSAGE TEXT"
        8. Push  |  git push -b branchname
        9. Pull | In github, select your base, add a message, and submit 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements start on a new line and take up the entire line. Inline elements are nested within already existing lines. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        Absolute elements do not follow the rest of the CSS document and are only directed by values attributed to them specifically. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        This can be done with the contain and width values. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Block by default:
            1. h1-h6, header, p 
            2. span, a 
            3. display 
   
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        The box mode refers to the space around an object. Aside from manually adjustin everthing to work together, a border box is suggested as a solution since paddig and borders based on the element's size.