  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Create electronic documents for the world wide web
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Additional characteristics of an element and they are in the start tag
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The first most imortant header and should only be used ONE time
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, nav
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata
    
    7. What is an id? 
    An attribute that is used to point to a specific style
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all required elements
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Should only use it once per page
    
    10. What is a class? 
    Classifies a class name for an element
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    On any element
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as you want
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    set target to _blank
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies alternate text for an image
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id selector
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section=content inside is grouped, outline of page... div=does not define a section, no meaning
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    describes the presentation of a webpage... makes it look pretty :)
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { color:red;
         font-style:sans=saif;
         }
         
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id cna identify one element (unique) and a class can identify multiple (not unique)
    <div id="footer> <section class="first-page"
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    but putting a period (dot)(.) before the class
    ex: .intro
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Useful to group together elements.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <div sidebar="">
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements in a specific state
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-uppercase
    text-lowercase
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*.....*/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ls -al
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ls -l
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm or rmdir... it doesn't move it to a trah folder thats easy to get back
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Your code doesn't exist unless checked into version control
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever you finish a step
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    ls
    ls -al
    cd
    cd ~
    cd ..
    mkdir
    touch
    rm
    rmdir
    rm -r
    clear
    
