https://codepen.io/mike_denny/pen/zYZpbmY?editors=0100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Using tags that are descriptive of the purpose of an element.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	To arrange the structure of a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Attributes modify the default features of an HTML tag. Placement is in the opening tag following the tag name.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used for the main header of a page, and it should only appear once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Input (type = x) and a (href = x)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The site's doctype, charset, scripts, title, metatags, SEO information, etc.

    7. What is an id?
	an attribute that can be used to point to an element with greater specificity than a class.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	You can add an ID to any element, but ideally it should only be used for referencing elements in scripts

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	An attribute that is used for grouping elements together for styling or passing into a script as an array.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	You can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	Unlimited.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add the target="_blank" attribute to the opening a tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	To provide descriptive text of an image for use by screen readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	in CSS: #id-name {
		css here
		}
	in javascript: let idName = document.getElementById("id-name"); OR let idName = document.querySelector("#id-name");
		console.log(idName);

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A div is a generic container. A section is a semantic container used for grouping the elements of a distinct section of a page.

    17. What is CSS used for?
	Styling a page by manipulating the color, spacing, and other visual attributes of HTML elements.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 { ... }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	IDs are highly specific and should only be used once, while classes are used for grouping related elements together.
	If you want to apply a style rule to several different HTML elements, or you want to pass a group of elements into a script as an array, use a class.
	If you want to reference a specific element in a script, use an ID.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a period selector (.). ex .class-name { ... }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human { ... }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	Parent selectors reference the containing element of the specified element, while child selectors reference an element or elements contained within the specified element.
	Useful for indirectly referencing a parent or child element(s), or referencing based on a child's position in its parent element (i.e., last-child for referencing the last element in a parent element..

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a { ... }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	They allow you to attach styles to an element that are triggered by specific browser events (eg: :hover for mouseover or :focus for focus).

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform(uppercase), text-transform(lowercase), and text-transform(capitalize), respectively.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	  border: 1px dotted black;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* { ... }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* ... */, may be spaced across multiple lines

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	Using the 'rm' command. Can be dangerous because there is no 'recycle bin' safety net, so files deleted in the terminal can't be restored.

    34. Why should I use version control?
	So you can roll back to an earlier version if a recent change breaks something.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As a rule of thumb, every 20 minutes or every time a development goal is achieved (feature completed, bug fixed, etc.).

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
 	git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork -> Clone (git clone repo-url.git) -> Work on assignment -> Add (git add .) -> Commit (git commit -m "descriptive message here") -> Push (git push -u origin branch-name)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	block elements occupy a whole line, while inline elements don't and can be placed next to each other, space permitting.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	The element is positioned relative to the body rather than the parent element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	display: inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block: div, section, p
	inline: span, em
	couldn't find an example of default inline-block
	

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
	The CSS Box Model describes the layers of spacing on an HTML element. From the outside: margin, border, padding, and element height/width.
	* {
	  box-sizing: border box;
	} will ensure that, for all elements on a page, the sum of (margin + border + padding + element dimensions) will equal that element's specified dimensions, if any.