1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    
    
    Hypertext Markup Language. HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web. 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements and it is used to define parameters of tags within web pages. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
    h1 tag is used as a header element usually used to define the title of articles or different sections of the web site. It can be used at will all though you should probably only use it for the top of each section of the web site. 
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img tag and the form tag
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag. HTML metadata is data about the HTML document. ... Metadata typically define the document title, character set, styles, scripts, and other meta information.
    
    7. What is an id? 
     The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    HTML The id Attribute The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). The id value can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for the element with the specific id value.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    10. What is a class? 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

