https://codepen.io/r05k0/pen/wvooXEq?editors=1100



 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It gives order to a Web page 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to mark up a page and give it meaning to the browser 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Its used for the heading of a web page.You should only use it once one a page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a tags 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    meta data
    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     you can add any element to an id 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    10. What is a class? 
    The HTML class attribute is used to specify a class for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can add as many as you want just use a space to seperate 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    there is no limit 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="url" target="blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to give discription of the img
    15. How do I reference an id?
    <p id="newid">this is the id</p>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic defining a section on hte page . the div is more considered a container. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style your html document
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
        color:blue
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID 
is only used to identify one single element in our HTML. 
IDs are only used when one element on the page should have a 
particular style applied to it. However,
a class can be used to identify more than one HTML element.

<p id="newid">this is the id</p>

<ul class="legend">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
   he ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
   if you wanted to taget multiple elements in a parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sideabr
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    nth child

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    h1 {
  letter-spacing: 3px;
}
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
   text-transform 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   outline-style solid 1px dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    where am i
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders 
    in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm it is important to know what your doin g because you can delete your whole directory 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because multiple people can work on the same bit of code without damaging the original source code 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 min ish . Or when everyou make a save on the project 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin (branch name)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    cd into directory 
    clone repo
    cd into directory
    create branch
    work on code 
    add to repo
    commit
    push 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


